Issue #1403 - On iOS, bypass 'always' permission by default (#1404)
Baseflow/flutter-geolocator: geolocator/README.md

<details>
<summary>iOS</summary>

On iOS you'll need to add the following entry to your Info.plist file (located under ios/Runner) in order to access the device's location. Simply open your Info.plist file and add the following (make sure you update the description so it is meaningfull in the context of your App):

``` xml
<key>NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription</key>
<string>This app needs access to location when open.</string>
```

> If you don't need to receive updates when your app is in the background, then add a compiler flag as follows: in XCode, click on Pods, choose the Target 'geolocator_apple', choose Build Settings, in the search box look for 'Preprocessor Macros' then add the 'BYPASS_PERMISSION_LOCATION_ALWAYS=1' flag (without the quotes).

Reviewer: The markdown in the README supports displaying formatted code by wrapping a certain section with backticks. In this case we can use it around the "'BYPASS_PERMISSION_LOCATION_ALWAYS=1'" keywords, which will render it as code. That means it will also not be necessary to inform developers to leave out the quotes (since the backticks are not rendered):

```suggestion
If you don't need to receive updates when your app is in the background, then add a compiler flag as follows: in XCode, click on Pods, choose the Target 'geolocator_apple', choose Build Settings, in the search box look for 'Preprocessor Macros' then add the `BYPASS_PERMISSION_LOCATION_ALWAYS=1` flag.
```
